ENH: hide search button when a search-field is set (#1020)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/search.rst

Configure the search field position
-----------------------------------

> You can add an always-visible search field to some/all pages in your site by adding ``search-field.html`` to one of the configuration variables (e.g., ``html_sidebars``, ``html_theme_options["footer_items"]``, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add an always-visible search field to some/all pages in your site by adding ``search-field.html`` to one of the configuration variables (e.g., ``html_sidebars``, ``html_theme_options["footer_items"]``, etc). If you include this, the built-in search button / overlay will be hidden and disabled on that page.
```

Is my suggestion accurate?  I.e., is the disabling done on a per-page basis?  I couldn't easily tell just by viewing the diff.

Author: that's exactly this

.. warning::

>     If a page includes an always-visible search field, the keyboard shortcuts will focus the always-visible field and the hidden search field overlay will not display. *This may not be what you want:* on small screens (i.e. mobile devices) the sidebars may be hidden in a drawer, and if the persistent search field is there, it may receive focus without actually being made visible. It is **strongly recommended** that you use *either* search button and the hidden/overlaid field that comes with it, *or* use a persistent search field in a place that makes sense for your layout.

Reviewer: Given the new behavior (where the search button/overlay is *removed* if the persistent field is present) I'm not sure this text makes sense; users don't even have the option of using both on the same page anymore. Maybe this?

```suggestion
    On pages where you include an always-visible search field, the keyboard shortcuts will focus that field *even if it is offscreen*. For example, on small screens (i.e. mobile devices) the sidebars may be hidden in a drawer, and if the persistent search field is in the sidebar, it may receive focus without actually being made visible. Thus if you use the persistent search field, it is **strongly recommended** to place it in the main content area of your page.
```
